[DOCFIX] Validate fsadmin doc (#15433)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/Admin-CLI.md

### updateConf

> The `updateConf` command provides a way to update config for current running services if  `alluxio.conf.dynamic.update.enabled` is true.
> The request is sent to alluxio master directly,
> but the other services like worker, fuse, s3 proxy or some other clients can also aware the config changed and sync the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updateConf` command provides a way to update config for current running services if `alluxio.conf.dynamic.update.enabled` is set to true.
The request is sent to Alluxio master directly,
but the configuration change is also propagated to other services such as worker, fuse, and proxy.
```
